is going to teach me the jalisco again is
a row in the stands that was
controlled that we are seeing the
images the party populates against chivas
There is the anger of a man started one
real police
and that his salvation rampage between
policemen
because the police before that to hit the
in relation to a brutal portal
then good for neither one nor the other
yes, but it's clear where they start
things and faces are also very
claritas in the mind below
mexico is staying there is the
responsible or I do not know what the
provided night but in the end police not
can be that brutality not if you're not going to
you grab the neck bring us
grab hits no good goes apart
first what the police officer said
[Applause]
policeman who is perfectly
detectable I think that's fine
as he grabs me by the neck and does not try
of submitting as they then attack in
chile the policeman and the police give
police
rafa are you watching
I'm living it like not going to see my
Christmas
tree and that this rhythm those terrible
as well as with they fight between ones and
others and in some of them
[Applause]
just like we have always asked that
locate and sanction people
violent also this guy this
police would have to be sanctioned and
exhibited will exhibit your sanction you can not
act of that type
with this kind of situations because
you also provoke something really serious in
we are going to see the tribune
pitched battle if nothing else happens
because you already hit him that you can
hurt you can injure it I think there's
very hard not here the most sensible were
some fans who were the ones
they put peace
those sanctioned were very law
correctly they will calm the
policemen and in day the soldiers that
they were hitting too I do not think that
this illustrates perfectly that it was something
that the problem of violence is very
complex does not just happen for people
misfits
that goes with the idea of generating conflict
but also by police bodies in
most of the cases without the
preparation to handle this kind of
situations
these other images that we send them
to the phrase 'I want football to be everything
flag jorge vergara united clubs of
jalisco to whoever wants the view
images is the reality of what happened
there in the jalisco but also this does not
is going to close football